This is a simple interactive toy built in jQuery and jQueryUI that reflects on the myth of Sisyphus. It represents endless and repetitive task of stacking files in the folders in a boring office environment with little breaks of going home and back to work again.

Being an Absurdist, Camus suggests that life is devoid of any meaning and that the only valid question for philosophy is whether or not this life is worth living. Living with the knowledge and understanding of the absurdity of one's existence, being constantly acutely aware of it is the only possibility of freedom which allows one to live the life to its fullest.

In his view, one should imagine Sisyphus happy because he acknowledged his eternal punishment, fully understood the futility and inevitability of his labour and yet was still able to revolt against it.

Sisyphus in Camus' writings serves as a metaphor for human life and struggle. He is condemned to work and suffer unceasingly without any promise of success. He knows that the closer he gets to any result, the sooner he will have to start everything over.  Understanding and conscious acceptance of the idea of the absurdity of his existence, absence of hope for conclusion or search for meaning is what gives him potential of being happy.

In this game user is condemned to stack identical files in corresponding folders in a dreary office without any purpose or hope for reward. To make things worse, distant sounds of ever tuning radio are introduced. The only reward one can look forward to is completion of the task itself. However, when the result is almost achieved, at 95%, the work shift is over and the user/office worker takes a bus ride home and back to work again only to discover that the same work has to be done again and then again and again… Nothing changes, and nothing can be ever achieved through this work. Like Sisyphus, after several attempts, the user can clearly see that there is no meaning in the task presented as well as there is no hope of winning.   

During their drive home, user has an option to "end this all" which would mean conscious surrender. Effectively, this is the only way of ending the game, there is no winning scenario. With a click of the button the user will be prompted to confirm their decision by pressing another button and will be warned that this decision is final and irreversible. If the confirmation button is pressed, a huge boulder falls down and crashes the bus. If the cancel button is pressed or the decision-making takes too long, the user returns to the office and begins yet another exciting day of his pointless work.
