The phenomenon of motivational quotes on the internet is very wide spread. These quotes are often meaningless, or at least much less profound than they seem. Nevertheless there are people who choose to treat this type of internet wisdom like some kind of philosophical teaching to live their lives by. This project is a simple program to generate, or rather remix, random motivational quotes from various quotes already popular on the internet. For fuller experience, there is a random serene landscape background to go with each quote.

The page can be interacted with through voice commands or by pressing a button. ResponsiveVoice.js is used to read the quotes aloud, Annyang.js is used to recognize and process voice commands. User can ask the program to repeat the quote tat is already on the screen or request a new quote.
For this project I chose to explore RiTa.js library and it’s basic functionality. RiTa takes care of remixing quotes that are imported from a JSON file. Depending on probability, either nouns, or verbs, or both get replaced by random words of the same POS from the lexicon. Since the replacement is random and the list of original quotes is quite long, the number of possible variations is practically endless. Some generated quotes are complete gibberish but some can actually be compared  to their popular analogues.

This type of content can be easily generated in limitless quantities and with little adjustment can be easily passed as genuine and human-produced. And everything becomes much more profound when displayed against serene background.

Bridle's essay explores automatically generated content and its possible influence on young children. Bright colours and familiar characters trick them and their parents into believing that what they are looking at is genuine. Young adults can sometimes also be manipulated like this. They often base their belief system and their world view on segmented information, unconfirmed statistics, and out-of-context quotes.  
